Refactor example app build config keys (#1505)
Adyen/adyen-android: example-app/README.md

# Example app

> 

Author: What do you think of adding a small description of what this module is? Just to clarify that it is for testing purposes and should not be used as a template for integrating with Adyen? Maybe we can link to the docs to explain that this should be their main reference?

## Running the app

Steps to run the example app:

> 1. Build a server that acts as a proxy between the app and the Adyen Checkout API.
>    * Your server should mirror the necessary endpoints for your flow (for example /sessions for the sessions flow and /paymentMethods, /payments and /payments/details for the advanced flow).
>    * The API key should be managed on the server.
> 2. Duplicate `example.local.gradle` and name it `local.gradle`. Make sure the file is placed in the example-app directory.
> 3. Replace the predefined values:
>    * `MERCHANT_SERVER_URL` the URL to your server.
>    * `CLIENT_KEY` your client key. Find out how to obtain it [here](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/client-side-authentication/#get-your-client-key).
>    * `MERCHANT_ACCOUNT` your merchant account identifier.
>    * `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_NAME` the name of the authorization header as expected by you backend. If you don't have authorization you can use an empty string.
>    * `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_VALUE` the value for the authorization header. If you don't have authorization you can use an empty string.
> 4. Sync the project.
> 5. Run on any device or emulator.
> 
> > [!WARNING]
> > In case you don't have your own backend server you can connect to the Adyen Checkout API directly. Be aware this could potentially leak your credentials and you should never do this in your own app!
> 
> To connect to the Adyen Checkout API directly you can use the following values:  
> * `MERCHANT_SERVER_URL` use https://checkout-test.adyen.com/{VERSION}/ directly (check [here](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/latest/overview) for the latest version).
> * `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_NAME` use `x-api-key`.
> * `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_VALUE` your API key.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Build a server that acts as a proxy between the app and the Adyen Checkout API.
   * Your server should mirror the necessary endpoints for your flow (for example [/sessions](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/latest/post/sessions) for the sessions flow and [/paymentMethods](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/latest/post/paymentMethods), [/payments](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/latest/post/payments) and [/payments/details](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/latest/post/payments/details) for the advanced flow).
   * The API key should be managed on the server.
2. Duplicate `example.local.gradle` and name it `local.gradle`. Make sure the file is placed in the `example-app` directory.
3. Replace the predefined values:
   * `MERCHANT_SERVER_URL`: the URL to your server.
   * `CLIENT_KEY`: your client key. Find out how to obtain it [here](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/client-side-authentication/#get-your-client-key).
   * `MERCHANT_ACCOUNT`: your merchant account identifier.
   * `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_NAME`: the name of the authorization header as expected by your server. You can use an empty string if this is not applicable for you.
   * `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_VALUE`: the value for the authorization header. You can use an empty string if this is not applicable for you.
4. Sync the project.
5. Run on any device or emulator.

> [!WARNING]
> In case you don't have your own server you can connect to the Adyen Checkout API directly for testing purposes only. Be aware this could potentially leak your credentials, the market-ready application must never connect to Adyen API directly.

To connect to the Adyen Checkout API directly you can use the following values:  
* `MERCHANT_SERVER_URL`: `https://checkout-test.adyen.com/{VERSION}/` (check [here](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/latest/overview) for the latest version).
* `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_NAME`: `x-api-key`.
* `AUTHORIZATION_HEADER_VALUE`: your API key.
```
